voice docs (#832)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: fern/conversational-ai/pages/customization/voice.mdx

---
title: Voice customization
subtitle: Learn how to customize your AI agent's voice and speech patterns.
---

## Overview

You can customize various aspects of your AI agent's voice to create a more natural and engaging conversation experience. This includes controlling pronunciation, speaking speed, and language-specific voice settings.

## Available customizations

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card
    title="Pronunciation dictionary"
    icon="microphone-stand"
    href="/docs/conversational-ai/customization/voice/pronunciation-dictionary"
  >
    Control how your agent pronounces specific words and phrases using
    [IPA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Phonetic_Alphabet) or
    [CMU](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CMU_Pronouncing_Dictionary) notation.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title="Speed control"
    icon="waveform"

>     href="/docs/conversational-ai/customization/voice/speed"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    href="/docs/conversational-ai/customization/voice/speed-control"
```

---
title: Voice customization
subtitle: Learn how to customize your AI agent's voice and speech patterns.
---

## Overview

You can customize various aspects of your AI agent's voice to create a more natural and engaging conversation experience. This includes controlling pronunciation, speaking speed, and language-specific voice settings.

## Available customizations

<CardGroup cols={3}>
  <Card
    title="Pronunciation dictionary"
    icon="microphone-stand"
    href="/docs/conversational-ai/customization/voice/pronunciation-dictionary"
  >

>     Control how your agent pronounces specific words and phrases using IPA or CMU notation.

Reviewer 2: When introducing acronyms, make sure to link to a definition.

  </Card>

> {' '}

Reviewer 2: 🐙

Author: my mortal enemy strikes again

<Card
  title="Speed control"
  icon="waveform"
  href="/docs/conversational-ai/customization/voice/speed"
>

>   Adjust how quickly or slowly your agent speaks, with values ranging from 0.7 to 1.2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Adjust how quickly or slowly your agent speaks, with values ranging from 0.7x to 1.2x.
```
